Release v4.4.0 (#184)
DataDog/datadog-go: CHANGELOG.md

[//]: # (comment: Don't forget to update statsd/telemetry.go:clientVersionTelemetryTag when releasing a new version)

> # 4.4.0 / 2021-01-10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 4.4.0 / 2021-02-10
```

> * [BUGFIX] Fix a problem with multi-metric aggregation. See [#181][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BETA][BUGFIX] Fix multi-metric aggregation when packing different metrics in the same packet. See [#181][].
```
